rich Brom from phonescoop here taking a
look at the heart rate monitor on the
new Galaxy s5 so when you access it is
you go to the s health widget then you
go down to heart rate and then you put
your finger on the little sensor here
you can see glowing red as it measures
and there's my heart rate
takes about 10 seconds and after is
holding your finger there for about 10
seconds
you get your heart rate another unique
feature the samsung galaxy s5 is ultra
power saving mode what this will do
if you go into power saving and you hit
ultra power saving mode
it will completely reconfigure the phone
to make the screen dim everything
grayscale and limit you to just a few
options that don't use very much power
so we have phone messages
internet so at least you can use data
and messaging but you can also see at
the bottom it there I activated the
multitasking you can also see at the
bottom it shows you battery life and how
much time you have left so if you're
really concerned about making your
battery stretch until the end of the day
this is a mode completely designed with
that in mind but it does give you access
to the basic things you need like
messaging and phone call so another new
feature the Samsung Galaxy s5 is kids
mode once you go into kids mode you've
got a number of kids friendly apps
including this drawing app with some
tools at the bottom Russia's erasers you
choose different colors of course and
then another is the camera go into the
camera and you've got a number of
options the kids settings are options
menu instead of some fine grained
controls are some fun little things to
put glasses or hats or mustaches or
whatnot on faces and it automatically
use facial uses facial recognition to
track the face and put those things on
whoever you're aiming the camera add and
that respect it's a little like google
hangouts which can be a lot of fun
and so there's me with a mask picture
that I took earlier to get out of kids
mode you swipe down from the top and
there's a little kid friendly quick
settings thing but then you hit the exit
button and there's the pin code that you
would use as a parent to get back to
your data